There are no outsiders here
Miss Qin doesn't have to help me act anymore
Mr. Xiao won't think I'm not far away
Come all the way to Qingzhou
Put on this wedding dress
Just to put on a show for you
This was 20 years ago.
Mr. Xiao and my great-grandfather
Made this engagement for us
This item is also sealed together.
It didn't open until today.
I was just taken in by the old guy 20 years ago
He made an engagement for me
Mr. Shaw Mr. Shaw
I know my sudden appearance today
Makes you a little overwhelmed
But I had my reasons.
Miss Qin
You came to Qinzhou from the imperial capital
as
We'll discuss it tomorrow
Sure, Mr. Eashaw
I'll come visit in person tomorrow night
Mr. Qin, this Xiao Chen looks ordinary
You killed the son of the Qin family
Pin on him
Is it a little hasty?
This Xiao Chen
It's really not what I imagined
But with my understanding of people over the years
I can't see through him
Isn't it because he is too ordinary?
It's because my vision is too low